---
tags: [journal]
---
> Disclaimer: All journal entries are very insignificant, my mind can change and I can write down pointless or melodramatic things - don't take everything seriously. I also remove a lot.


# December-2023

It's incredible the difference a couple good days sleep can have on the psyche, the quality of predictions is much more inline with reality.

My goal is to maximise the intensity of my dreams, my predicition model is off, it needs calibrating. It'll be a process - the end goal is clear: intensity.

---

When has aruging ever not been a waste of time and energy. Arguing with someone unwilling to change their mind, who hasn't fact checked anything or done any research, they've just seen information an algorithm presented them.

I need to stop wasting my time and energy on things that don't matter.

Energy and time should be thought of as similar to a currency, fintie.

---

Where is the limit? I can't see it. I can't feel it and I've yet to experiance it.

If you can't get over it go through it. Take it to it's extreme, to it's maximum position, see whats there; You'll find nothing, move back, nothing still, keep moving until you've lost the delusional thought there's something there.

---

The present is one of addiction, the future is also one of addiction but of a different nature, today people don't know they're addicts but they *could* - in the future people won't have the capacity to know they're addicts, it will dimish and blur.

---

Memory is just a predictive mechanism, the intention being to consolidate the past with the present so that it can predict the future, your mind is constantly trying to predict the future, mindfullness of this is vital.


---

I need to sto pfocusing on things that don't matter, caring about things I know aren't worth caring about.

you need to overcome the fear you have of your own mind, your own thoughts, your own feelings, your own memeories - your own life.

---

What I want is self control to make my own synapses fire, to make my thoughts occur instead of having them pushed onto me - I want the capacity to make a choice - to know what my intentions are, to know myself, the componants forming the whole, but seeing the componants changes the configuration, a self shuffling machine.

I've been sleeping terribly recently when I shut my eyes at night I hear the stars screaming, I see nothing unfolding into more nothing as it expands around me. I sto pbreathing then I wake up the next morning my brain has dissolved and my brain has taken its place - replacing itself with itself.

